# csp-portfolio
Some coding projects completed in AP CSP 2024-2025

#Project 1: headline

This program collects user input and makes a story headline out of them. There are premade story outlines and the user only has to fill in the blanks.
- user friendly
- can be used by any age
  
#Project 2: multiplication quiz

This program tests multiplication skills by generating random numbers and asking the user to multiply them correctly. There are 5 questions and the user is told when they are wrong. 
- user friendly
- shows the user the question they're on
- shows the user their answer and the correct answer
  
#Project 3: name generator

This program allows the user to choose from one thing or another in order to get a pet's name. The user only has to choose options between 2 given choices. 
- user friendly
- has various options of the user to choose from
  
#Project 4: number guesser

This program allows the user to guess a randomly generated number within three tries. A random number is generated by the computer and the program tries to help the user get closer to the number.
- user friendly
- different levels
- informs the user whether their number is too high to low so they can try to get closer to the generated number
  
#Project 5: simple calculator

This program allows the user to input numbers while the program will solve the problems for them. The user gets to use what they want to do and when they want to quit. 
- allows the user to choose the operation they want to do
- allows the user to quit whenever they want
